I watched Magma Musen. It was a tutorial on YouTube.
So what's your build?
What's your what's your bills what are you?
So nothing outstanding
no castles
So you just walked around
Haha, busy!
I would just get a fishing rod because I don't like mining right?
So I would get a fishing rod, and I just fish.
I love mom.
What does that mean? What's that supposed to mean?
I could smell shoes.
I can see you going on like
Another day's work and then you go on your computer. Man.
I'll open up my launcher now.
What'd you do?
You're laughing right now.
Thank you
Is that genuine?
No, you don't
You told me yesterday that it's day 4.
So I'm on day 5 now. hahhaha
I bet you're really good at Minecraft.
what do u mean?
What do you mean?
You're a great president, Erica.
thats true
ummm Thank you
Can we talk about Biograph? Yeah.
what do u wanna talk?
Oh, I didn't know.
I said Minecraft, right? And he said, yeah, let's do Minecraft.
So that was your choice.
Sure.
Okay, then what would you want to talk about?
Um, let me think.
I mean, what's your favorite thing to do in Minecraft?
What did you say?
This is a four. This is a four.
This is a vibe.
You have a 4. See, that's a compliment right there.
(****)
Okay
Oh interesting
You know, I can't say the same about you.
I would reach them and I'd be like, oh man, dang it.
I gotta kill those now .. u mean?
dude dude
Oh, you could have been vegetarian. But you're like
Dude, you can sprint for like a thousand blocks before
Running out of the
okay okay Frickin nerd
You get you and make your own
You're just copying. I can say. Say what?
What?
I really like...
the mini games you know all I watched was bed wars bed wars
There's hackers everywhere. The hive is so full of hackers.
What's that mean?
you know pocket's like you know i would watch the pocket edition tutorials
I'd be like... Yeah, it's harder. You have more...
Mine was...
cap